♪
THIS IS THE FASTEST
I CAN GO...
[THINKING] NO, YOU CAN'T
SETTLE FOR THIS, YUSEI.
YOU'VE GOTTA BUILD
A NEW ENGINE...
YOU'VE GOTTA PUSH
BEYOND YOUR LIMITS...
AND YOU'VE GOT TO DO IT...
BEFORE TIME RUNS OUT.
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN
WIN ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
[CROW CHEWING
LOUDLY, SWALLOWING]
SO THIS IS HOW
RICH PEOPLE EAT!
♪
THIS IS GREAT!
IT'S LIKE THE BEST FOOD
I'VE EVER EATEN EVER!
COME ON, GUYS,
DIG IN ALREADY.
IT'S NOT EVERYDAY
WE GET TAKEN OUT
TO FANCY
RESTAURANTS LIKE THIS!
THIS WHOLE
SITUATION IS SUSPECT.
[BOTH FAKE COUGH]
WHA--WHAT'S
SUSPECT ABOUT IT,
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WE JUST WANTED TO TAKE
YOU GUYS OUT, THAT'S ALL.
YOU KNOW WHAT MARTHA
USED TO ALWAYS TELL US?
NOTHING IN THIS
WORLD IS FREE.
EVERYTHING COMES AT A COST
IN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
HERE'S THE WAY
I'M SEEING IT--
YOU WOULDN'T BLOW YOUR MEAGER
GOVERNMENT SALARIES ON US
IF YOU DIDN'T WANT
SOMETHING IN RETURN.
THAT'S--WE'RE
JUST BEING NICE.
SO THERE'S NOTHING
YOU WANT FROM US?
NO, NO,
OF COURSE NOT...
I MEAN, THERE IS THIS ONE
LITTLE FAVOR, BUT THAT'S--
I KNEW IT,
HERE IT COMES.
IT'S NOTHING BIG,
THERE'S JUST THIS GUY
AND HE'S GOT AMNESIA
AND HE WAS FOUND
ON THE BEACH
LAST WEEK AND, WELL...
SECURITY CAN'T
WATCH HIM,
BUT HE DOESN'T KNOW
WHERE ELSE TO GO.
AND WHAT DOES ALL OF
THIS HAVE TO DO WITH US?
HE'S BEEN
STAYING WITH TRUDGE,
BUT IT'S A SMALL APARTMENT
AND TRUDGE HAS A CAT
AND THIS GUY'S
ALLERGIC TO CATS AND...
I DON'T HAVE ROOM
AT MY PLACE, SO...
SO YOU WANT TO DUMP
THIS GUY ON US?
YEAH...
[MUFFLED SPEECH]
JUST FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
NO WAY.
COME ON, YOU THREE,
THIS GUY NEEDS HELP.
NOT A CHANCE.
I'LL BEG
IF I HAVE TO.
DON'T BOTHER.
SO YOU WON'T
HELP US,
BUT YOU'LL
GLADLY WOLF DOWN
THE VERY DELICIOUS
AND VERY EXPENSIVE
DINNER WE BUY YOU?
WELL, WHEN YOU
PUT IT LIKE THAT...
SO WHERE IS THIS
AMNESIAC, IS HE HERE?
WELL, HE--HE SHOULD HAVE
BEEN HERE BY NOW, BUT...UM...
WELL, IF HE'S M-I-A, THERE'S
NOTHING WE CAN DO, OH WELL!
[CROW CHEWING LOUDLY]
MAN, THAT WAS CLOSE.
WE ALMOST GOT SADDLED
WITH SOME RANDOM ROOMMATE.
ONLY BECAUSE YOU LET THEIR
TROJAN HORSE ROLL RIGHT IN
BY ACCEPTING THEIR
DINNER AND PIGGING OUT
AND ENJOYING YOURSELF.
HEY, YOU LAUGHED AT THE MOVIE
THEY TOOK US TOO AS WELL.
Jack: I DID NOT.
YOU DID SO,
AT THE PART WHERE
THE MONKEY WAS
CLIMBING ON THE--
Yusei: UH--GUYS; LOOK.
Jack: HEY!
THERE WE GO, ALL BETTER.
WHAT IN THE DEUCE DO
YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING
TO MY DUEL RUNNER?
I EAT LITTLE BUGS
LIKE YOU FOR BREAKFAST!
DON'T EVEN LOOK AT MY
DUEL RUNNER AGAIN...
GOODNIGHT, GENTLEMEN.
Yusei: HANG ON, JACK!
♪
I WONDER WHAT
THAT'S ALL ABOUT...
YOU OK; IS ANYTHING BROKEN?
FORGET THIS GUY,
LET'S GO.
HANG ON, CROW.
[GRUNTING]
Trudge: FELLAS,
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WE GOT DOWN HERE
AND FOUND THIS YAHOO
MESSING AROUND WITH
JACK'S DUEL RUNNER
OR TRYING TO STEAL
IT OR SOMETHING.
-UH, BOYS, THIS IS--
-BRUNO!
Mina: WHY DIDN'T YOU
COME UP TO THE RESTAURANT?
I SAW THAT
INCREDIBLE DUEL RUNNER
AND I JUST HAD TO
START POKING AROUND,
I COULDN'T HELP MYSELF;
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW I KNOW--
Yusei: SO I'M GUESSING
THIS IS THE STRAY
YOU WANTED US TO ADOPT?
YEAH, THIS IS BRUNO.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
WHAT DO YA' THINK
WE SHOULD DO, YUSEI?
WHAT ARE YOU
ASKING ME FOR?
♪
Mina: LOOK, JACK'S BACK.
Bruno: WAAAH!
Jack: I'M GONNA
BORROW THIS CHUMP!
HUH--I DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING.
Yusei: COME ON, LET'S GO!
GO WHERE?
DON'T WORRY, WE'LL
TAKE IT FROM HERE.
THANKS FOR
THE GRUB, DUDES!
(TIRES SQUEALING)
♪
UHH, PLEASE,
LET'S NOT DO THIS.
I THINK I'M A PACIFIST!
EITHER OF YOU GUYS
KNOW WHAT A PACIFIST IS?
SPILL IT FAST,
YA LITTLE THUG.
WHAT DID YOU DO
TO MY DUEL RUNNER?
WHY DO YOU THINK
HE DID SOMETHING?
MY DUEL RUNNER'S
BOOSTING POWER
IS RECHARGING FASTER.
IT IS?
I FRONT LOADED THE D-T-R
AND ADJUSTED
THE WAY YOUR C-P
CRUNCHES LOGARITHMS,
THAT'S ALL!
OK, UM--!
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU JUST SAID,
BUT IT'S SOUNDING
LIKE YOU MANAGED
TO GIVE JACK'S RUNNER
MORE "OOMPH," IS THAT RIGHT?
AND IT ONLY TOOK
YOU A FEW MINUTES?
YOU SABOTAGED IT, I KNOW IT.
YOU'VE GOTTA SHOW ME
HOW YOU DID WHAT YOU DID.
♪
Bruno: SEE HOW
THE BOOST IS RUNNING
THROUGH THE CORE PROCESSOR?
I TWEAKED THE CODE LINE
SO THE TIMING
WOULD START EARLIER.
SO THE ENERGY GENERATES
FROM THE GET-GO.
BUT WON'T THAT OVERHEAT
THE INTAKE MANIFOLD?
WHAT ARE THEY SAYING?
A TINY BRAIN LIKE YOURS
COULD NEVER UNDERSTAND.
JUST DON'T LET YOUR
GUARD DOWN ANYTIME SOON.
THIS LINE CODING
IS RELATIVELY UNIVERSAL,
SO I CAN MAKE
THE SAME ADJUSTMENTS
TO YOUR OTHER
DUEL RUNNERS TOO,
AND GIVE 'EM
A LITTLE MORE KICK.
REALLY;
DO MINE NEXT!
DIDN'T YOU HEAR
WHAT I SAID TO YOU?
DON'T TRUST HIM!
SURE THING;
HEY AND ALSO IF YOU WANT,
I CAN REROUTE YOUR
ALTERNATOR'S OUTPUT
THROUGH A SOLENOID AND THEN
BIND THE WHOLE CONNECTION
WITH AN EXPANSION STRUT,
WHICH OUGHTA INCREASE
YOUR OVERDRIVE A LITTLE.
OOOH, YEAH,
YEAH, DO THAT!
UGH!
SO YOUR NAME'S BRUNO,
IS THAT RIGHT?
YEAH, I THINK
THAT'S MY NAME.
I DON'T KNOW IF
TRUDGE AND MINA TOLD YOU,
BUT I'M HAVING
KIND OF A HARD TIME
REMEMBERING SOME
THINGS ABOUT MYSELF.
-WELL, MY NAME IS...
-YOU'RE YUSEI, I KNOW.
AND CROW;
AND YOU'RE JACK ATLAS.
SO, LISTEN--
THERE'S SOMETHING
I'M HAVING A
HARD TIME WITH.
LOOK--MAYBE YOU CAN
HELP ME FIGURE THIS OUT.
IS THIS A PLANETARY
PARTICLE ENGINE DESIGN?
UH, YEAH,
HOW DID YOU--?
HAVE YOU
CONSTRUCTED IT YET?
NOT ONE THAT WORKS.
WELL, THE CONTROL PROGRAM
LOOKS PRETTY TIGHT, BUT...
WAIT, IS THAT AN AUTOMATIC
RETROFIT THAT'S RUNNING?
THAT COULD BE YOUR
PROBLEM RIGHT THERE.
WITHOUT AN INTERMEDIATE
COMPILER BUILT INTO YOUR CODE,
YOU COULD BE LOSING
PROCESSING TIME...
I COULD WORK ON BUILDING
ONE INTO YOUR PROGRAM FOR YOU
IF YOU WANT ME TO.
WE STILL DON'T KNOW
WHAT THIS GUY'S AFTER.
YOU CAN'T JUST
SAY, "HEY, LOOK,
HERE'S ALL MY TOP
SECRET DESIGNS!"
COME ON, JACK,
NOT NOW, OK?,
WE'RE TRYING TO HAVE LIKE
A "REAL CONVERSATION" HERE.
WHA--YOU--!
ARE YOU IMPLYING
THAT YOU AND I
DON'T HAVE "REAL"
CONVERSATIONS?
THE CHALLENGE IN THIS DESIGN
IS GONNA BE STABILIZING
THE MINI TURBOPROP IN THE...
UH--YUSEI...?
STOP TRYING
TO BOTHER 'EM, JACK,
THEY'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A "REAL CONVERSATION,"
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT THINGS
A TINY BRAIN LIKE YOURS
COULD NEVER UNDERSTAND.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO--
OH, FORGET IT.
Yusei: RIGHT, BUT IF
YOU LOWER THE GPM...
YOU LOSE CORE MOMENTUM.
THAT'S NOT THE
BEST TRADE-OFF.
GOOD POINT.
I GUESS WE COULD BOOST THE
MOMENTUM IN A DIFFERENT WAY
BY DIRECTING THE ENER-D...
...CHANNEL THE ENERGY
INTO THE ACCELERATOR,
WE CAN INCREASE
THE MOMENTUM...
GOOD JOB, BOYS,
KEEP IT UP,
I'LL JUST BE UP
HERE SUPERVISING.
[YAWN]
Bruno: ...THAT OUGHTA
HELP KEEP THINGS COOL...
Bruno: THIS CONCEPT
MIGHT WORK, YUSEI.
I THINK WE'RE
ONTO SOMETHING.
WE SHOULD START BUILDING
THE PROGRAM RIGHT AWAY.
I CAN'T THANK YOU
ENOUGH, BRUNO.
I'VE BEEN STRUGGLING WITH
THIS SYSTEM FOR MONTHS NOW.
MY CODING IDEAS ALL SPRANG
OUT OF YOUR STRUCTURE DESIGN.
IT'S SOLID WORK.
YOU REALLY ARE
YOUR FATHER'S SON...
HEY, MIND IF I
HAVE ONE OF THESE?
WAIT, HOW DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT MY FATHER?
I'M NOT SURE...
I JUST KNOW.
YOUR FATHER DISCOVERED
PLANETARY PARTICLES, RIGHT?
AND THAT LED HIM TO THE
PLANETARY GEAR CONCEPT.
NOW THAT I
THINK ABOUT IT,
"YUSEI" MEANS
"PLANETARY," RIGHT?
SO THAT'S HOW
YOU GOT YOUR NAME?
UH, YEAH,
I GUESS IT IS...
STUPID CELLOPHANE
WON'T--AH, THERE WE GO!
SO--SERIOUSLY--HOW DO
YOU KNOW ALL OF THIS?
I DUNNO, IT'S JUST...
AS SOON AS I SAW
YOUR PLANETARY
ENGINE DESIGN,
SOMETHING CLICKED,
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHY....
THAT'S AN AMAZING GEAR
CONSTRUCT, YA KNOW?...
IT'S SO SIMPLE, BUT EVERY
PART IS SO INTERCONNECTED...
NO SINGLE PIECE COULD FUNCTION
WITHOUT THE OTHER IN PLACE.
I KNOW WHAT YA MEAN.
THIS IS GONNA
SOUND KINDA CHEESY,
BUT I SOMETIMES THINK
IT'S LIKE ME AND MY FRIENDS.
WE DEPEND ON EACH OTHER
AND IF YOU TAKE
ONE OF US AWAY,
THINGS DON'T WORK RIGHT.
I GET IT;
I THINK THAT'S
A GREAT WAY
OF LOOKING AT IT.
SO, WHAT'S THE LAST
THING ABOUT YOURSELF
THAT YOU REMEMBER?
UH, WAKING UP ON
THE BEACH A FEW DAYS AGO.
HM, MAYBE YOU WERE IN A
BOATING ACCIDENT OR SOMETHING.
YEAH, MAYBE.
I REALLY HAVE NO SENSE
OF WHO I AM, YUSEI.
BUT FOR WHATEVER REASON,
WORKING ON DUEL RUNNERS
JUST FEELS RIGHT.
I HEAR YA.
LISTEN, BRUNO,
IF YOU WANT,
YOU CAN CRASH
HERE WITH US
UNTIL YOU FIGURE
THINGS OUT.
YEAH; YOU DON'T MIND?
I'VE GOTTA MAKE THIS NEW ENGINE
MODEL BEFORE THE GRAND PRIX,
AND I THINK WITH YOUR HELP,
I CAN, SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
YOU WANNA BUILD
THIS BABY?
YEAH, THINK OF ME AS
ONE MORE PIECE OF MACHINERY
JOINING UP TO MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING'S WORKING RIGHT.
WELL THEN,
LET'S GET STARTED.
YOU GOT IT!
Yusei: SO BASICALLY
IT'S GONNA ACT AS
AN EXTERNAL
MAGNETO-OPTIC DRIVE.
-PERFECT.
-THAT FREES UP--
HEY, YUSEI,
LET'S HAVE A DUEL!
LEO WANTS TO SHOW OFF
A NEW COMBO HE LEARNED.
HEY, YUSEI, ABOUT MY PHYSICS
AND CALCULUS HOMEWORK...
Bruno: WELL,
THAT'S GOOD, BUT...
SHHH!
Leo: WHO IS
THIS NEW GUY?
SOME STRAY DOG THAT
YUSEI DECIDED TO TAKE IN.
HE'S LIKE SOME KINDA MEGA SUPER
GENIUS ENGINEER OR SOMETHING.
DO YOU THINK HE COULD DO
COOL STUFF TO MY DUEL BOARD,
LIKE GIVE IT MORE
FLASHING LIGHTS AND STUFF?
YEAH, NO.
Luna: SO WHAT ARE
THEY TALKING ABOUT?
Crow: DUEL RUNNERS AND
COMPUTERS AND ENGINES AND STUFF.
THEY'VE BEEN
IGNORING US FOR DAYS
AND SPEAKING
THEIR OWN LANGUAGE,
THEY'RE LIKE
BESTEST FRIENDS NOW.
BUT I'M YUSEI'S
BESTEST FRIEND.
YEAH, OK, WHAT MAKES
YOU HIS BESTEST FRIEND?
I JUST AM!
Leo: IS THERE
SOMETHING WRONG, AKIZA?
Akiza: I'M TAKING OFF...
I'M NOT UP FOR
SITTING AROUND HERE
AND GETTING IN THE WAY.
IT'S SOUNDING TO ME LIKE
SOMEBODY IS A LITTLE JEALOUS.
NEVER FORGET THAT I COULD
SQUASH YOU LIKE A GRAPE
IF I WANTED TO!
Bruno: WELL THAT'S
GOOD, BUT IF WE'RE...
Leo: SHE IS REALLY
SCARY WHEN SHE'S ANGRY.
Bruno: ...MAKE UP
WITH THAT LOST ENERGY.
♪
Bruno: GREAT IDEA; SEEMS GOOD.
IT'S WORKING.
♪
AND DONE!
I THINK
WE DID IT, YUSEI.
THIS DESIGN
IS GONNA WORK.
YEAH.
SO CONSIDERING
IT'S BEEN ABOUT
THREE DAYS
SINCE WE SLEPT,
I THINK I'M GONNA GO
CRASH INTO A PILLOW NOW.
WE'LL INSTALL THE PROGRAM
INTO THE PROCESSING
UNIT TOMORROW.
♪
[SNORING]
Jack: THE DESIGN
PROGRAM WAS "STOLEN"?
Yusei: WHOEVER TOOK IT MUST'VE
COPIED IT TO ANOTHER DRIVE
AND THEN DELETED
IT FROM OURS.
WE WERE SO TIRED
LAST NIGHT,
WE DIDN'T THINK TO
BACK IT UP OR ANYTHING.
YOU'RE NOT FOOLING ME,
YOU TOOK IT.
THIS WAS YOUR
PLAN ALL ALONG!
WHAT--I DIDN'T TAKE IT!
CALM DOWN, JACK.
HE INFILTRATED US SO THAT
HE COULD GET CLOSE TO YOU
AND STEAL
YOUR DESIGN!
YOU DON'T KNOW
THAT'S TRUE.
AND YOU DON'T KNOW
THAT IT'S NOT TRUE!
SO YOU'RE SAYING THAT
BRUNO FAKED AMNESIA,
SO THAT HE COULD GET IN
WITH TRUDGE AND MINA,
SO THAT HE COULD
TRICK ALL OF US,
STEAL THE DESIGN
THAT HE DIDN'T
EVEN KNOW EXISTED,
AND NOW THAT THE
DESIGN HAS BEEN STOLEN,
HE'S STILL HANGING AROUND
HERE WITH US JUST 'CAUSE.
THAT'S-- WELL,
RIGHT, BUT--FINE.
YOU GUYS'LL HAVE TO
MAKE THE PROGRAM AGAIN.
I WISH IT WAS
THAT SIMPLE, BUT...
BUILDING A COMPLICATED PROGRAM
IS LIKE STAGING A CONCERT,
YOU'RE IN THE MOMENT, THERE'S
A LOT OF AD-LIBBING GOING ON...
IT'S PRETTY CLOSE TO
IMPOSSIBLE TO RECREATE IT.
SO THE ONLY WAY
TO GET THE FILE BACK
IS TO CATCH THE THIEF.
Bruno: PRETTY MUCH.
WELL, WHOEVER
THIS PERPETRATOR WAS,
HE MUSTA BEEN WEARING
GLOVES OF SOME SORT
'CAUSE I'M NOT SEEING
ANY FINGERPRINTS ANYWHERE.
AH, SO SUDDENLY YOU'RE
A FORENSICS EXPERT?
WHAT IS IT?
THERE WERE 4 NOODLES
TO GO-GO CUPS HERE
WHEN WE WENT TO SLEEP.
WHAT; HE STOLE MY
NOODLES TO-GO-GO?
Bruno: AH-HA!
Crow: WHAT;
WHAT'D YOU FIND?
GIMME A SECOND.
♪
Crow: WHAT IS IT?
Bruno: I THINK WE'VE GOT
A FINGERPRINT AFTER ALL...
WHILE OUR CRIMINAL WAS
WAITING FOR THE DATA TO COPY,
HE TREATED HIMSELF TO
ONE OF OUR NOODLE CUPS.
-HE WHAT?
-WHAT A JERK!
Bruno: LIKE ME THE OTHER DAY,
HE WAS HAVING A HARD TIME
WITH THE CELLOPHANE,
SO HE HAD TO TAKE
HIS GLOVES OFF.
♪
PLEASE TELL ME YOU'RE NOT
DOING WHAT I THINK YOU'RE DOING.
IF WE CAN FIND AN EXACT
MATCH FOR THIS FINGERPRINT
IN THE SECURITY
BUREAU'S DATABASE,
THEN WE'LL KNOW
WHO OUR BAD GUY IS.
BUT WON'T THEIR
DATABASE BE ENCRYPTED
AND PROTECTED BY FIREWALLS AND
DETECTION SYSTEMS AND ALL THAT?
AND WON'T THEY TRACE YOUR
HACK AND THEN ARREST US ALL?
Yusei: THAT'S WHY WE'RE GONNA
RELAY OUR HACKING CONNECTION
THROUGH A BUNCH OF REMOTE
SERVERS ALL OVER THE WORLD...
IT'LL BUY US SOME TIME.
THINK YOU CAN GET INTO
THE SYSTEM IN 5 MINUTES?
POSSIBLY, BUT
IT'LL BE CLOSE.
YOUR CALL;
DO YOU WANT US TO STOP?
YOU HAVEN'T ASKED FOR MY
INPUT DURING ANY OF THIS,
WHY START NOW?
YOU GONNA KNOCK ME
AROUND IF I FAIL?
OF COURSE I'LL
KNOCK YOU AROUND!
ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO IT;
I'M GOING IN NOW.
♪
Yusei: THEY'VE
STARTED TRACING US.
HOW'S IT LOOKING?
IT'S A RELATIVELY
SIMPLE FTP SYSTEM.
I SHOULD BE ABLE
TO CRACK IT.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
THINKING, CROW?
I'M THINKING
THAT BRUNO SEEMS
TO REALLY KNOW
WHAT HE'S DOING.
HM...
NICE; ONE MORE WALL
AND WE'RE INSIDE THE SYSTEM.
♪
Crow: WHA--
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HOW COME A DUEL SCREEN
JUST POPPED UP?
LOOKS LIKE
AN ENDGAME.
Bruno: THEY MUST BE USING
THE ENDGAME OF A DUEL
TO FUNCTION AS THE
MAIN SYSTEM PASSWORD.
Crow: SO IF WE DON'T WIN THIS
DUEL, WE CAN'T MOVE FORWARD?
YEAH, THAT SUMS IT UP...
AND WE'VE GOT 4 MINUTES.
OH, GREAT, I MEAN,
NO PRESSURE OR ANYTHING.
DON'T WORRY, WE CAN DO THIS.
THE OPPONENT'S GOT
2300 LIFE POINTS,
AND WE'VE GOT 1,000.
HE'S GOT 5 MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD,
AND IN HIS SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
HE'S GOT ONE
FACEDOWN CARD...
Jack: AND THERE'S AN ACTIVATED
SPELL IN PLAY--THE DARK DOOR.
Bruno: RIGHT, MEANWHILE,
WE'VE GOT TRAGOEDIA
ON OUR FIELD.
IT GAINS 600 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY CARD IN OUR HAND.
WE'RE HOLDING 6
AT THIS POINT,
SO, TRAGOEDIA'S PACKING
3,600 ATTACK POINTS.
♪
Crow: SO BASICALLY--WE'VE GOTTA
WIN THIS THING IN ONE TURN.
OUR MAIN WORRY IS THAT
FACEDOWN CARD ON HIS FIELD,
THAT'S THE CLINCHER.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
THIS IS FINALLY THE PART
WHERE I GET TO STEP
UP AND SAVE THE DAY!
MOVE OVER, MAINFRAME
N' LET ME DO MY THING!
♪
I'VE GOT A POWERFUL
MONSTER ON THE FIELD
AND THE SHOOTING STAR
BOW-CEAL EQUIP SPELL IN MY HAND,
SO THIS IS
A NO-BRAINER!
BY EQUIPPING THE
ENEMY'S GREEN GADGET
WITH SHOOTING STAR BOW-CEAL,
I CAN TAKE AWAY
1,000 ATTACK POINTS.
BAM!
AND NOW TRAGOEDIA
CAN GET IN THERE
AND CLEAN HOUSE!
WATCH AND ENJOY!
♪
Password Robot:
ACTIVATING MIRROR FORCE.
ACCESS DENIED.
♪
[EXPLOSION]
HUH?
♪
THAT DIDN'T WORK.
AND BECAUSE OF
THE DARK DOOR SPELL,
EACH DUELIST CAN
ONLY ATTACK ONCE
AND WE ONLY HAD THE
ONE MONSTER OUT, SO...
WE CAN'T WIN THIS TURN.
YOU MESSED UP AND YOU WASTED
WHAT LITTLE TIME WE HAVE!
IT'S NOT MY FAULT!
THERE'S AN UPSIDE
TO THIS, YOU GUYS.
AT LEAST WE NOW KNOW THAT HIS
FACEDOWN CARD IS MIRROR FORCE,
THAT'S GOOD INFO.
YEAH, YEAH, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I WAS TRYING TO FIND OUT,
THAT'S WHY I DID
ALL OF THAT.
SERIOUSLY.
LET A REAL
DUELIST HANDLE THIS.
♪
REAL DUELING IS
ABOUT INCREASING
YOUR OWN POWER AT
EVERY OPPORTUNITY
AND THEN CRUSHING
THE OTHER GUY!
SO NO SNEAKY WEAKENING
SPELLS FOR THIS GUY,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I'M EQUIPPING TRAGOEDIA
WITH THE AXE OF DESPAIR!
NOW TRAGOEDIA HAS
4,000 ATTACK POINTS!
GO, TRAGOEDIA, BRING THE
AXE DOWN ON GREEN GADGET!
♪
Password Robot:
ACTIVATING MIRROR FORCE.
ACCESS DENIED.
♪
C'MON; WE KNEW THAT
CARD WAS MIRROR FORCE!
I WAS SEEING
IF THEY CHANGE UP
THE FACEDOWN CARD
BETWEEN TRIES!
THEN WHY'D YOU
WASTE TIME WITH
THAT STUPID SPEECH
ABOUT "POWER?"
I HAD TO GET INTO THE SPIRIT
BEFORE ATTACKING, I WAS--
I HATE TO INTERRUPT, BUT...
THERE'S ONLY 2 MINUTES LEFT.
LET ME TRY AND
TAKE A CRACK AT IT.
WHAT?
CAN YOU DO IT?
THE ONLY THING I
CAN REALLY REMEMBER
IS MY ENGINEERING TRAINING
AND MY DUELING SKILLS...
DUELING'S CLEARLY
A PART OF WHO I AM.
♪
WELL, LET'S HOPE
IT'S A REALLY BIG PART.
♪
YOU'RE PUTTING
THIS IN HIS HANDS?
WHY NOT--IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU WERE MUCH HELP.
♪
COME ON, BRUNO, I KNOW YOU
CAN DO THIS, BE THE CARDS.
I GOT IT!
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
THE OBVIOUS PROBLEM
IS THAT MIRROR
FORCE TRAP CARD.
WE CAN'T LET
THAT THING ACTIVATE.
OF ALL THE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD,
THE ONLY ONE THAT CAN
SEAL AWAY MIRROR FORCE
IS ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER.
IT'S GOT THE POWER
TO PREVENT TRAPS
FROM ACTIVATING
DURING BATTLE.
WELL, GREAT, EXCEPT THAT
ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER'S
ON THE OPPONENT'S FIELD.
THAT'S WHY I'LL USE
TRAGOEDIA'S SPECIAL ABILITY...
SEE, BY SENDING A MONSTER CARD
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD--
I CAN GAIN CONTROL OF
AN OPPONENT'S MONSTER
AS LONG AS IT'S
THE SAME LEVEL
AS THE MONSTER I DISCARDED.
ANCIENT GEAR
SOLDIER IS A LEVEL 4.
UNFORTUNATELY,
THE ONLY MONSTER CARD
CURRENTLY IN OUR HAND IS
A LEVEL 6 BIRD KING ALECTOR.
BUT WE'VE ALSO GOT
THE COST DOWN SPELL CARD.
WE CAN ACTIVATE COST DOWN
BY DISCARDING ONE
CARD FROM OUR HAND.
THAT'LL LOWER THE LEVEL OF
EVERY MONSTER IN OUR HAND BY 2.
SO YOU CAN MAKE
ALECTOR A LEVEL 4,
SAME AS THE ANCIENT GEAR!
EXACTLY!
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE COST DOWN SPELL!
BY DISCARDING REMOVE TRAP...
I CAN DECREASE THE LEVEL
OF THE ALECTOR IN MY HAND
FROM 6 TO 4.
THEN, THANKS TO
TRAGOEDIA'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
BY SENDING ALECTOR
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN GAIN CONTROL OF
ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER!
GREAT, NOW HURRY UP
AND EQUIP THE AXE OF DESPAIR
AND THEN GET IN THERE
AND ATTACK GREEN GADGET!
-NO--NOT YET.
-WHY NOT?
YUSEI'S RIGHT, EVEN IF
WE USE AXE OF DESPAIR
LIKE JACK DID TO INCREASE
ANCIENT GEAR
SOLDIER'S ATTACK POINTS
AND THEN USE
SHOOTING STAR BOW-CEAL
TO LOWER GREEN
GADGET'S ATTACK POINTS
DOWN TO 400,
LIKE CROW DID...
WE CAN STILL ONLY DAMAGE
THE OPPONENT BY 1900 POINTS.
THAT'S NOT ENOUGH.
SO WHAT DO WE DO?
I'M NOT SURE;
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOME WAY FOR
US TO--WAIT!
LOOK--STRONGHOLD
THE MOVING FORTRESS.
-GOOD THINKING.
-WHAT DO YA MEAN?
THAT THING'S GOT
3,000 ATTACK POINTS.
IT'S ONLY GOT
3,000 ATTACK POINTS
WHEN ALL 3 OF ITS GADGETS--
GREEN GADGET, YELLOW
GADGET, AND RED GADGET
ARE OUT ON THE FIELD WITH IT.
BUT WITHOUT ALL OF
THOSE GADGETS TOGETHER,
STRONGHOLD THE FORTRESS
LOSES ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND BECOMES
TOTALLY DEFENSELESS.
LET'S FINISH THIS.
BY SENDING SHOOTING
STAR BOW-CEAL
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN ACTIVATE THE TRIBUTE
TO THE DOOMED SPELL CARD!
AND WITH THAT--I CAN
DESTROY GREEN GADGET!
♪
...WITH GREEN GADGET GONE,
STRONGHOLD LOSES ALL
OF ITS ATTACK POINTS.
♪
NOW I EQUIP THE AXE OF DESPAIR!
ANCIENT GEAR
SOLDIER'S ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE TO 2300!
♪
AND WITH THAT, ANCIENT GEAR
SOLDIER ATTACKS STRONGHOLD!
♪
Duel Runner Computer:
ACCESS GRANTED.
♪
WELCOME.
-ALL RIGHT!
-OH, YEAH!
WITH 10 SECONDS TO SPARE!
LET'S GET A MATCH
ON THAT FINGERPRINT.
♪
Jack: HIM?
YOU KNOW HIM?
YEAH, HE'S WITH THE
PUBLIC SECURITY BUREAU.
HIS NAME'S LAZAR.
♪